Update targets documentation for Frosting (#1622)
cake-build/website: input/docs/writing-builds/running-targets.md

```powershell
--target=Publish --exclusive
```

# Cake Frosting

[Cake Frosting] by default will call a task named `Default`.

:::{.alert .alert-info}

> In [Cake Frosting] it is not possible in to define the task which is run by default in your build script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [Cake Frosting] it is not possible in to define a task other than `Default`, which is run by default in your build script.
```
